hello youtube today i have not another
puzzle box bae a new lego game the point
is to knock the ball is off the stand
using the launcher this is my own design
so if you make this game or something
like it please give me credit now I'll
show you how it works here are the balls
that you're trying to knock off one two
and three and here's the launcher how it
works is you stick your balls in here
when they go down here and then to shoot
them by the time you pull us back that
launches the launcher is able to swivel
all over the place you can see that down
here just in case you are wondering
here's how to load it grab this and pull
it up and drop the balls in one at a
time the last ball doesn't work doesn't
fit in unless you pull this back then
you can close the top thing I'll explain
how this works in just a second one of
the hardest things about designing this
is when you put three balls and all then
we'll just fall down and be launched at
the same time I didn't want that to
happen that's why I add it in this what
does is we set the balls in there that
this piece will push them one at a time
down into the barrel like so
and there you go say go one at a time
thank you for waiting my explained how
it all worked now i'm actually going to
play the game so first i push that piece
forward to get the ball into the barrel
now I need to take an aim and Fire oops
is one miss try again ok I got my first
fall off now you only get three ball
three balls and ask on did fire and
shoot all three of these pieces off so
of course I've already lost but I'm just
going to try one more time and I got two
out of three off as you can see the guns
all reloaded I've just given you a
different camera view now i'm going to
try again let's see how it works this
time i'm going to be aiming at this one
that's the hardest one to get i found
out though so you can see if i can make
it i'll be lucky if i get it on the shot
nope i missed oh yeah i got in two shots
surprisingly well for that hole now
let's try to get that tall one nope i
missed so you can see this time i only
got one out of three not quite as last
time but I got the hardest one here's
another view I'm aiming at this one this
time let's see how I do i won all right
got it so I guess I'll aim at this one
now
I've missed once no try again give got
it that is my last shot as it as always
have gone two out of three again okay
now I've been the most daring thing yet
I mean the launcher at my camera it's a
huge fire one just barely missed it see
it wobble little I do and I got it and i
also got my camera so stop at that here
is one last view i'm making you can see
I'm using a kinect stand I gotta be
aiming for this one and I got it now I
am for this one I got it too let's see
if I can get perfect score finally
perfect score i've never gotten that
before please you're going to go wait on
and subscribe and thank you for watching
please click right here for all sorts of
other cool things